Document declarative configs for authentication (#61065)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/declarative-configuration-resource-create.adoc

--resource-with-access=Access=READ_ACCESS > permission-set.yaml
----
. Create the role that allows access to the `Administration` and `Access` resources by entering the following command. This example creates a role named "restricted" and is saved as the `role.yaml` file.
+
[source,terminal,subs=attributes+]
----
$ roxctl declarative-config create role \
--name="restricted" \
--description="Restricted role that only allows access to Administration and Access" \
--permission-set="restricted" \
--access-scope="Unrestricted" > role.yaml
----
. Create a config map from the two YAML files that were created in the earlier steps by entering the following command. This example creates the `declarative-configurations` config map.
+
[source,terminal,subs=attributes+]
----
$ kubectl create configmap declarative-configurations \ <1>
--from-file permission-set.yaml --from-file role.yaml \
-o yaml --namespace=stackrox > declarative-configs.yaml
----
<1> For {ocp}, use `oc create`.
. Apply the config map by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal,subs=attributes+]
----
$ kubectl apply -f declarative-configs.yaml <1>
----
<1> For {ocp}, use `oc apply`.
+

> After you apply the config map, Central retrieves configuration information from it and creates the resources. Central interacts with declarative configurations using these intervals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you apply the config map, configuration information extracted from Central creates the resources. You can configure the following intervals to specify how declarative configurations interact with Central:
```

> After you apply the config map, Central retrieves configuration information from it and creates the resources. Central interacts with declarative configurations using these intervals:

Reviewer 2: I think one thing to mention is that there might be a slight delay once the changes from the config map are propagated to central, so something along the lines of `After you apply the config map and the changes are propagated to the Central mount`? People might think that after applying the config map the resources will be there instantly (since the watch interval is 5 seconds) however we've seen that Kubernetes / Openshift takes a little bit of time until the actual changes are propagated to Central, hence there might be a slight delay.

* Configuration watch interval: The interval for Central to check for changes is every 5 seconds. You can configure this interval by using the `ROX_DECLARATIVE_CONFIG_WATCH_INTERVAL` environment variable.

> * Reconciliation interval: By default, Central reconciles declarative configurations every 20 seconds. You can configure this interval by using the `ROX_DECLARATIVE_CONFIG_RECONCILE_INTERVAL` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reconciliation interval: By default, declarative configuration reconciliation with Central occurs every 20 seconds. You can configure this interval by using the `ROX_DECLARATIVE_CONFIG_RECONCILE_INTERVAL` environment variable.
```
